## Course Summary

I initially came into this course not exactly knowing what to expect in terms of hardware vs software; however, this course has been extremely beneficial to me. The course started off with teaching PVectors which was really fun to learn about. It really reminded me of physics from high school as a lot of the PVectors manipulation was exactly the same as regular vectors. Then after learning the basics of PVectors, we then went on to model behaviors similar to the Braitenberg vehicles. This was a really fun part of the course since we got to practice all the manipulation strategies of PVectors we learned. The book, The Nature of Code by Daniel Shiffman was immensely helpful in this stage of the course since it had very practical examples of behaviors and interactions which served as sort of a template for our own ecosystems. Towards the middle of the course, we started working on our midterm projects after the Professor introduced the prompt. The midterm project was an amalgamation of all the content we had been building up throughout the semester. In the midterm project, I personally got to explore a lot of interactions between the ecosystem and all the bodies. The showcase of the projects from the other students was also very interesting as I got to see all the fun and creative projects everyone else worked on. 
The next important part of the course was the presentations and discussions. These were all really interesting and thought-provoking to listen to and participate in. The discussion which struck the most with me was the one in the documentary The Social Dilemma. It struck me so much that I have been trying to limit my social media usage since that discussion. 
Lastly, the presentations were the final piece of the puzzle. Each presentation dived into really thought-provoking questions that challenged my previously held conceptions about topics such as robots, ethics, and emotions. 
