## Presentation Summary

My presentation centered the implications of AI on developing countries. The presentation first started off with how the advancement and development of new AI technologies widens the gap between rich and poor nations. In the sense that, new investments are shifted to countries that already have developed technologies which in turn negatively affects the jobs in developing countries by essentially replacing them. The next part of the presentation analyzed an impact study by the IMF that looked into how the different levels of technological development affect economic growth. They did this by modeling two hypothetical countries- one representing a developing country, and the other a developed first world country. They based the study mainly on the labor, capital, and robots or technological advancement of the two countries. What they found was that the more advanced the country was, which was measured by the degree of substitutability between robots and human labor, the larger the gap. Why this was the case because, generally, the economic sector of developing countries relies more on unskilled labor compared to developed countries. The final and most interesting part of the presentation was the discussion which revolved around five main questions: 1) Is automation a good thing?
2)As a leader of a developing country what would you do differently? 3) What are the main causes, in your opinion of these disproportionate levels of automation in different countries? 
4) What should developed countries do differently? 5) General thoughts or additions. 
There were many really interesting opinions, especially about the first and fourth questions. The general consensus however was that automation should be highly encouraged in developing countries which I completely agree with. 
